In this video.
We're going to start working on our sign up form right here.
We're not going to worry about the header at the top right now.
We're really just going to worry about the form right there.
I want to be able to see this component any time I go to a URL like ticketing dev, slash off, slash
sign up.
So if we go to that root right there, I want to see the sign up component up here on the screen.
So to do so, we will go back over to our editor.
We'll find our pages directory and we'll create a new folder inside there called Off.
And then inside there, we'll make a new file called Sign Up JJ's.
So by defining a folder and putting a sign up file inside there, that is going to define the root of
all sign up inside of our next application.
So now all we have to do is define and export a react component from this file.
And then if we go to sign up, we will see the contents of that component up here on the screen.
So let's try it out right now inside of sign up JS.
I will export default.
And I will return inside of here.
A form.
And for right now, I'm just going to put an H one inside that says sign up.
We're going to come back in just a moment and add in some buttons and inputs and labels and whatnot.
But let's just say this right now and do a quick test back inside of our browser.
Flip back over and I'm going to try to navigate to ticketing dev auth sign up.
And there we go.
So again, anytime we want to have a nested route of sorts, all we have to do is create a folder and
place our components inside there.
All right.
Let's continue with the form right here.
So, like I said, we're going to add in a couple of labels, inputs and whatnot.
Right after that h one I'm going to put in a div with the class name of form group.
I'll then place a label.
And give it the text email address.
And then an input with the class name of form dash control.
Yeah.
So this will show our label and input for the email.
We want to do something very similar for the password as well.
Just to save a little bit of time.
I'm going to copy that entire div and paste it underneath itself.
Then I'll change the label to password.
And on input, I'll add in a type to this thing of password just to obfuscate any text that gets typed
inside there.
And then finally after those two, Divs, I'm going to place a button.
Oh, get this in text like sign up.
Also get the button.
A class name of BTN Eaton Dash Primary.
All right.
So that is our signup form.
Once you've got this all put together, we'll save it and then flip back over and we should see something
like this appear on the screen.
Perfect.
Now, you might notice that I've got some icons here on the right hand side.
Those are coming from my password manager that I'm running inside of Chrome.
So if you do not see those icons, that is 100% to be expected.
Do not sweat it.
All right.
Well, now that we've got the basics of this form put together, let's take a pause right here and continue
adding in some functionality in just a moment.